Update - 2.2.1

We need to fix the following errors that occurs after Version 2.0.0 update.

1. Default screens: In Classes, Works, Event tabs, even if they are not empty the empty texts are showing. Like in classes tag by default when now classes is there it will show (see the attached screenshot) "Nothing Scheduled today" even if there is any class today the classes will listed below it but the text still over there. 

2. Classes preset: As we have designed multiple presets like E1 and E2 for now, assumed if any one want E1 but by mistake he clicks E2 and conforms than realized that he did wrong choice, so he move back to setting tab and choose E1 this time but now both presets class where showing, i.e. He will see E1 and E2 classes which leads to confusion. Instead of that add a short function that if anyone changes the preset than the current selected preset will be removed first than other will be added. Make sure to remove only that preset parts not other thing which are added manually by the user like extra classes, works, or even any regular classes (if added by him and not in the preset) than keep that, you just need to remove presets part which is added automatically. 

3. Events page: Need work in event page because even after adding event in the event data js we can't see any in the event tab. identify the error and fix it so that the purpose of this platform will be utilized with maximum advantage.

4. Work Section Labels: Don't use general labes like "Ongoing/Upcoming" in the works section (Assignment/Lab Work), instead of use "Not Completed" with different theme color other than yellow or gray. When Marked as completed the status will be changed to "Completed" but in the Green theme instead of gary like in classes, if not Marked as completed after the due date till 12 AM night, label it as "Not Completed" in red theme. Also we need to handle the old works (Assignment/Lab work), after the end date, the old work will be automatically removed after 7 days (counted from the end date).


Additionally, update the version in setting section to "2.2.1" and tell me the manually editing process for this section version text so that in case i add any miner update i can update it manually. 