Time to have a new version/update for this website or platform. We will solve few issues and add some new features to our platform, mentioned bellow:

Issues to Solve:
1.On adding extra/regular classes on short screen i.e. mobile devices the input form has horizontal scroll seem that has width more than device width, it need to be corrected such that no scroll bar will be there nightery in horizontal nor in vertical.
2. In Large screens like Laptops or desktops the bottom menu is on left side, make it look very unprofessional. Update it will top menu bar like a professional website (with no icons), just text, on hover left to right underline will be occurred smoothly (only for large screens, for small screens bottom nav will be as it is, with some other options as in the new features section).

New Features to add:
1. Attendance Graph: A circle graph (pie graph) on the dashboard section that shows total classes with variant of green color as positive for classes attended and variant of red colors for classes missed, variant of gray for classes not started or not yet completed. The graph will show the overall daily attendance on right side of graph (for small screens details of daily attendance will be after the graph i.e. below the graph). On hover on particular section (color) the graph will show the attendance count (i.e. 1 or 2 or more as per classes) and subject name (for mobile screens hover is not possible for it will be for long press like 2-3 sec). Logic of attendance count: 1 attendance for every 1 hour class, for each class minimum 1 attendance will be there even if the class is less than 1 hours, for classes like 2 or more hours the attendance count will be based on number of hours. For example class of 3 hour will give 3 attendance.  

2. Personal ID card: As of now in the dashboard page we have a user profile button where just user first name first letter is shown, on clicking on that, user first name input field is shown. But because we don't have a database system we just use browser data. I want to add a new feature to upload student ID card which will be shown on clicking on the profile section. For that we need to make that update, on click a slider will be come from right as it is on right top, like a menu option where user will see these options: Edit Name, View ID Card. On clicking on Edit name, the things will be same as of now, means a input field will be shown just as we have now, coming up from bottom, but one small update is there, user can add his or her full name if they want, this is completely optional. For ID card, user will see "Upload Student ID Card" option on the setting tab not on clicking on the profile section button. On setting this input will take only pdf. Additionally add "Upload Profile Picture" option on the setting section where user can upload his or her profile picture in either jpg/png format, whatever picture user will give our program will automatically make it in 1:1 ratio by changing it's ratio (if not). For both the new setting upload buttons, once a file/image is uploaded the option will be changed to "Edit" and "Delete", for button "Delete" the data of that field will be deleted (pdf or image), and if clicked "Edit" a window will be appear from bottom asking coordinates for mapping or upload a new file.

You might confused about why i have written coordinates. The answer is we will not show just the uploaded pdf when clicked on "View ID Card", instead our program will automatically create a ID Card mockup (using png file "ID_card_mockup.png"). User will likely to upload a default generated ID card given by college where both from and back side is given in a same page (for example refer my id card, i have attached in the chat) make the coordinates for both front and back. Stick the front part of id card on the white area of id card mockup image and when user click the button "View ID Card" the background will be blurred and little darked and the id card mockup will smoothly come from top, giving a feeling of real id card, at the bottom add a button "Flip" on click the id card mockup will quicky go up and come down again (smoothly but quick) but this time not with front of ID instead, with back of id card, the "Flip" button will be there still if user need to flip to front again, the button can be used repeatedly as user want, just on the side of flip button an another button will be there "Close" this button will close this screen i.e. the mockup will go to top and the background will unblurred and light again like previously.

Note: Both buttons ("Flip" & "Close") will be same in look, will have a border (same color as text color, likely to be light as background will be darked and blurred, suppose to be look like neon effect) with no background color (i.e. transparent).

For profile picture, if user uploaded any image, and as of our program, it will be changed to 1:1 ratio. Than on the dashboard section the top profile section where by default user first name's first letter is shown will be replace by that picture (only when the image is uploaded, not even if uploaded image is deleted by user).

3. Works Section: Similar to classes we need to track our assignments and other writing works also. Similar to add classes feature user need to add assignment by entering the following information:
a. Subject
b. Type (radio type): Assignment or Lab Work
c. Last date (for submission)

This assignment/lab work will be added through dashboard section or setting section like classes but can be managed (i.e. mark as complete or edit/delete via Works section. If the Completed check box is not ticked until the end of submission date the status will be changed from "Ongoing" to "Missed" and if checked it will be "Completed".

4. About the Developer: I want to add a section (probably a page) for myself, where there will be a short bio of mine, my picture, my LinkedIn and GitHub profile link (using icons from fontawesome). This page will have a separate url i.e "main-url/developer" and can be excisable directly or through setting section bottom "View Developer" or something more good called button. Make the developer page UI according to you. But add a menu option in top nav, open from left like a slider having menu: Dashboard, Classes, Works, Setting.
Note: Create a custom svg of three bars for menu instead of writing menu on top nav, but for other in-menu options just use existing icons.

Fontawesome usage:
LinkedIn Logo: <i class="fa-brands fa-linkedin"></i>
GitHub Logo: <i class="fa-brands fa-github"></i>
Note: use this in head for using fontawesome icons "<script src="https://kit.fontawesome.com/826e39b053.js" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>"

5. Additionaly You can add another section similar to classes and works named as "Events", but this will not be something like individual, instead it will be common for everyone. Means everyone will get same Event page content, The data of this page can be entered by admin with updating a separate js file (list file) where it will be similar like classes that it will show Event name not subject, Date and Time, Venue instead of Building and class room, and no teacher, additionally Image (which will be optional, shown only if uploaded other wise not, just like a banner image), Description (about the event). All data will be taken from a separate js file which will be updated by admin (i.e. Me) so keep that file simple and easy to update. For now keep the Event page as Upcoming status as there will be no event on that js file, but in that js file create a sample event just comment it so that i can understand the structure and usage.
Statues of each event, like in our classes we have Upcoming/Ongoing statues, we will have same here also, but we don't have status or Missed/Completed instead it will be "Closed" after the event day passed, add end time input also because some event has specific end time but this field will be optional because many event don't have end time, for those event end time will be automatically set to be "00:00:00" i.e. night. 

6. To avoid everyone adding same regular classes again and again in there dashboard/system, we can give suggestion to add pre defined classes, like as we have created a upload option of classes using JSON file. Using that same we can give a option in setting to select you class and group and give a drop down menu like CSE-E1, CSE-E2, and so on for other classes also (currently just CSE-E1 & CSE-E2), on selecting that class/group the json file will be automatically added on their browser storage with regular classes. Use the attached JSON files (as i have updated them a little). We will add other sections & groups in future later, for now we will just keep these two only.

